difference between ECMAscript and javaScript and even javaScript and node.js is as big as the difference between java and C++
what is node.js -> node.js is not a language , it is not a framework it is a runtime it means something that can run javaScript something that can compile javaScript
ECMAscript -> a standard that state whoever wants to create a javaScript engine use ECMAscript
clis stands for command line interface
webRtc protocol which is a protocol used for video communication
HTTP protocol helps us to communicate between frontend and backend and the backend is written in node.js
HTTPS stands for Hyper Text Transfer Protocol Secure
The thing we see when we go to google.com is known as frontend.
The place where a request goes when we click on the search button and some respond comes back and renders the search results,the place is known as backend server.
http lets us do communication between frontend and backend 
HTTP server the thing that exposes the machine learning model to the world 
RPC -> remote procedure calls which you are a calling but on someone else machine (heavy machine) 
status code which is basically a way to signal ki han ignore the body, this is the status code of the request which could be 200 might be 500 might be 404 error not found.
When i go to chatgpt.com the first thing that happens is DNS resolution stands for Domain Name Service Resolution 
Good practice => if someone is putting something there(www.chatgpt.com) or posting something there it is a POST request
if the request is get my conversations then it should be a GET request  
learn how to intercept request then when you sending out requests put his authorization cookie there and then we can logged as him
we write http servers using express


to initialise npm we use command
command =>      npm init -y
this command will create a file package.json

one small difference in fs and express is 
fs comes built in with node.js we just have to require it 
we have to bring express from the internet to our machine
Ques => how to do that?
Ans => using command this command says pls bring the express library locally to my machine
command =>     npm install express


Assignment 
1. create a todo app that lets user store todos on the server
2. try to create an http server from sratch in C
3. create an http server in rust using actix-web
4. create an http server in golang using gurrila framework
5. or spring boot , java

postman helps you to send request internally


body-parser library to access of the body
Install the body-parser library usig commands
command => npm install body-parser

import the body-parser library

use npx nodemon filename.js command instead of node filename.js bcz npx nodemon command automatically restarts the express server when we change and save our file

to our our code on local host 3006 or whatever using process.env.PORT we will use command 
command => export PORT=3006


npm stands for node package manager it lets you bring packages to our machine
mpx stands for node package exectuable it helps use to the package immediately and not install it

we can use body-parser .The body-parser enables us to parse incoming request odies in middleware.
Express.js erver needs to know what type of data you are sending over the network, so it knows how to parse it.

fs is a library that gives u high level constructs
to do filesystem stuff (read from a file , write to a file...)

what is express
express is a library that gives u high level constructs 
to create http servers